{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs48\lang9                      \fs56 How to be saved\fs24\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs36 Do you consider yourself to be a "Good Person"?\fs28\par
\par
\fs32 How many lies have you told in your lifetime?\fs28\par
What do you call someone who tells lies? \par
\fs32 A Liar!\par
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.\par
\fs28 Exodus 20:16  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/exodus/20.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/exodus/20.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
\par
\fs32 Have you ever taken something that didn't belong to you?\fs28\par
What do you call someone who takes things that don't belong to them?\par
\fs32 A Thief!\par
\fs36 Thou shalt not steal.\fs32\par
Exodus 20:15 {\fs28{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/exodus/20.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/exodus/20.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \fs24\par
\fs28\par
\fs32 Have you ever used GOD's name as a curse word?\par
Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.\fs28\par
\fs32 Exodus 20:7 {\fs28{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/exodus/20.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/exodus/20.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
\fs24\par
\fs32 Have you ever committed Adultery?\par
JESUS said anyone who lusts after someone else, is Adulterer in their heart.\par
27. Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:\par
28. But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman(man) to lust after her(him) hath committed adultery with her(him) already in his(her) heart.\par
Matthew 5:27-28 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/matthew/5.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/matthew/5.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
\fs32 How did you do?\fs24\par
\fs28 Are you like the rest of us a Lying, Thief, Blasphemous, Adulter at heart?\fs24\par
\fs28 9. Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither \cf2 fornicators\cf0 , nor idolaters, nor \cf2 adulterers\cf0 , nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 10. Nor \cf2 thieves\cf0 , nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.\par
1 Corinthians 6:9-10\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/6.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/6.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
\par
So when you stand before GOD on Judgment Day, will you be innocent or Guilty?\par
\fs40\par
\cf2\fs144 Guilty!!!\cf0\fs28\par
\par
\cf2\fs32 So I hope you see your in big trouble on Judgment Day?\par
\par
\cf0  But there is \cf2 GOOD NEWS\cf0 , Please read on.\fs28\par
\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Here are some scriptures for you to read. It's better to read the whole chapter to get the full context of what's being said, so I put a link to Biblehub that you can click on that will open it to the chapter. It will be KJV and NLT bible versions side by side to help you understand.\fs24\par
\par
\fs36 Don't add to or take away from GOD'S Word\fs24\par
\fs28 Revelation 22:18-19\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 18. For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:\par
19. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/revelation/22.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/revelation/22.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b\fs36 Being Born Again\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 John 3:1-15       {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/john/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/john/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 1. There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews:\par
2. The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him.\par
3. Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.\par
4. Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?\par
5. Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.\par
6. That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.\par
7. Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.\par
8  The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit.\par
9. Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be?\par
10. Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things?\par
11. Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.\par
12. If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?\par
13. And no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of man which is in heaven.\par
14. And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of man be lifted up:\par
15. That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 2:16     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/2.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/2.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.\fs22\par
\par
\fs36 THE GOSPEL\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 Corithians 15:1-9    {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/15.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/15.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
1. Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; \par
2. By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.\par
3. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; \par
4. And that He was buried, and that He rose again the third day according to the scriptures: \par
5. And that He was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve: \par
6. After that, He was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep. \par
7. After that, He was seen of James; then of all the apostles. \par
8. And last of all He was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time. \par
9. For I am the least of the apostles, that am not meet to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the church of God.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Acts 4:12     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/4.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/4.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs32 Being a Good Person does not save you\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Mark 10:17-18    {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/mark/10.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/mark/10.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 17. And when He was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to Him, and asked Him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?\par
18. And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou Me good? there is none good but one, that is, God\b0 .\par
\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 3:10-12,23     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 10. As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:\par
11. There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.\par
12. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.\par
23. For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Isaiah 64:6     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/isaiah/64.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/isaiah/64.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away.\fs22\par
\b0\par
\b\fs32 Baptism does not save you\fs28\par
Luke 23:32-43     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/luke/23.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/luke/23.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 32. And there were also two other, malefactors, led with him to be put to death.\par
33. And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the malefactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left.\par
34. Then said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots.\par
35. And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God.\par
36. And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar,\par
37. And saying, If thou be the king of the Jews, save thyself.\par
38. And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.\par
39. And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us.\par
40. But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation?\par
41. And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss.\par
42. And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom.\par
43. And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 Corinthians 1:14-18     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 14. I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;\par
15. Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name.\par
16. And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.\par
17. For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.\par
18. For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Mark 16:15-16    {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/mark/16.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/mark/16.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 15.And He said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.\par
16. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs32 Prayer does not save you\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Matthew 15:8-9     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/matthew/15.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/matthew/15.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 8. This people draweth nigh unto Me with their mouth, and honoureth Me with their lips; but their heart is far from Me.\par
9. But in vain they do worship Me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs32 Speaking in tongues does not save you\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 Corinthians 14:22      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/14.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/14.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Wherefore tongues are for a sign, not to them that believe, but to them that believe not: but prophesying serveth not for them that believe not, but for them which believe.\fs22\par
\b0\par
\b\fs32 Belief from the heart\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 10:8-15      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/10.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/10.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 8. But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;\par
9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.\par
10. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.\par
11. For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on Him shall not be ashamed.\par
12. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.\par
13. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.\par
14. How then shall they call on Him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in Him of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher?\par
15. And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!\par
\fs22\par
\fs32 When the Holy Spirit is received\fs28\par
Acts 10:42-48      {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/10.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/10.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
\fs24 42. And He (JESUS) commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify that it is He which was ordained of God to be the Judge of quick and dead.\par
43. To him give all the prophets witness, that through His name whosoever believeth in Him shall receive remission of sins.\par
44. While Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. 45. And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.\par
46. For they heard them speak with tongues, and magnify God. Then answered Peter,\par
47. Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?\par
48. And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tarry certain days.\par
\fs28 Ephesians 1:12-14     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
12.  That we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ.\par
13. In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,\par
14. Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs36 JESUS\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 Peter 3:18     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:\fs22\par
\b0\par
\b\fs28 1 Peter 2:24     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/2.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/2.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.\fs22\par
\b0\par
\b\fs28 Romans 3:22-28     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 22. Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:\par
23. For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;\par
24. Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:\par
25. Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;\par
26. To declare, I say, at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.\par
27. Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith.\par
28.Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Ephesians 2:8-9     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/2.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/2.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 8. For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:\par
9. Not of works, lest any man should boast Salvation.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs32 EVERYONE has SINNED\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 3:10-12     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 10. As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:\par
11. There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.\par
12. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 3:23     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Romans 5:12     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/5.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/5.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 6:23     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/6.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/6.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 For the wages of sin is death\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 John 7:7     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/john/7.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/john/7.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 The world cannot hate you; but Me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 1 John 1:8,10     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_john/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_john/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 8. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.\par
10. If we say that we have not sinned, we make Him a liar, and His word is not in us.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 Timothy 1:15     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_timothy/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_timothy/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs32 SACRIFICE\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Romans 5:6-11     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/5.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/5.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 6. For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly. \par
7. For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die. \par
8. But God commendeth His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. \par
9. Much more then, being now justified by His blood, we shall be saved from wrath through Him. \par
10. For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of His Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by His life. \par
11. And not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 2 Corinthians 5:21     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/2_corinthians/5.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/2_corinthians/5.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 For He hath made Him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 1 Peter 2:24     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/2.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/2.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Who His own self bare our sins in His own body on the tree, that we, being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 1 Peter 3:18     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that He might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Hebrews 9:26-27      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/9.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/9.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 26. For then must He often have suffered since the foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath He appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself.\par
27. And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs32 BLOOD\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Hebrews 9:12,22      {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/9.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/9.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 12. Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by His own blood He entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.\par
22. And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Ephesians 1:7      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 In whom we have redemption through His blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace;\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Colossians 1:14      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/colossians/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/colossians/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 In whom we have redemption through His blood, even the forgiveness of sins:\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Hebrews 13:12      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/13.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/13.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Wherefore Jesus also, that He might sanctify the people with His own blood, suffered without the gate.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 1 Peter 1:18-19       {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 18. Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers; \par
19. But with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot:\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 John 5      {\b0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_john/5.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_john/5.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 1. Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God: and every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him.\par
2. By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God, and keep his commandments.\par
3. For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous.\par
4. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith.\par
5. Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?\par
6. This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth.\par
7. For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one. 8And there are three that bear witness in earth, the spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs32 Jesus is the Son of God\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 9. If we receive the witness of men, the witness of God is greater: for this is the witness of God which he hath testified of his Son.\par
10. He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son.\par
11. And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.\par
12. He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Purpose and Concluding Remarks\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 13. These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God. \par
14. And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:\par
15. And if we know that he hear us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.\par
16. If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death, he shall ask, and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death. There is a sin unto death: I do not say that he shall pray for it.\par
17. All unrighteousness is sin: and there is a sin not unto death.\par
18. We know that whosoever is born of God sinneth not; but he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.\par
19. And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.\par
20. And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know him that is true, and we are in him that is true, even in his Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.\par
21. Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Amen.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 SALVATION BY FAITH\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Acts 16:30-31      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/16.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/16.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 30. And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?\par
31. And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Ephesians 2:8-9      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/2.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/2.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 8. For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: \par
9. Not of works, lest any man should boast.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Galatians 2:16      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/galatians/2.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/galatians/2.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Romans 3:24-28      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/romans/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 24. Being justified freely by His grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:\par
25. Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in His blood, to declare His righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God; \par
26. To declare, I say, at this time His righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.\par
27. Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith.\par
28. Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Hebrews 10:12,14     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/10.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/hebrews/10.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 12. But this Man, after He had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God;\par
14. For by one offering He hath perfected forever them that are sanctified\b0\fs22 .\par
\par
\b\fs28 SEALED WITH THE SPIRIT\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 Ephesians 1:13     {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 In whom ye also trusted, after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Ephesians 4:30      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/4.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/ephesians/4.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 1 Corithians 1:22      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_corinthians/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs28 SONS AND DAUGHTERS\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 1 Peter 1:23      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/1.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/1_peter/1.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Galatians 3:26      {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/galatians/3.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/galatians/3.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus. \b0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Paul's Conversion Acts 9\b0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/9.shtml }}{\fldrslt{https://biblehub.com/p/kjv/nlt/acts/9.shtml\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b\fs28 Books written by Paul\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 1. Romans\par
2. 1 Corinthians\par
3. 2 Corinthians\par
4. Galatians\par
5. Ephesians\par
6. Philippians\par
7. Colossians\par
8. 1 Thessalonians\par
9. 2 Thessalonians\par
10. 1 Timothy\par
11. 2 Timothy\par
12. Titus\par
13. Philemon\par
\b0\fs22\par
\par
}
 